today's tutorial is
the materials for today are a fabric of
suede a piece of suede cloth
strass ribbon
fruit cord artisan tongs
suitcase type auction
gold peak brooch
a bit of chain
rings
scissors
and silicone
The first thing we are going to do then is
begin to apply the silicone in a
little piece of cloth that we have
then then let's take the tape from
strass that we are going to take the measure in the
doll leaving a small space of a
centimeter and a half more or less to
to be able to stick it in the cloth
let's start to paste the first layer
of the fruit cord for that we're going to
again silicone again in all
the outline and so with much
calm let's go placing the cord
giving the shape that is leaving us the
strass ribbon
we are getting for small moments
until the tape is well attached
stay with the shape and once this is done
let's repeat the process for the other
side and then we will repeat it with the
following colors that we want to handle
to me
in the world
who was leaving our project
let's let it dry and then then
let's start trimming all the
outline with the scissors until we
stay with a shape we want
Y
well once we have cut back then already
it's not a project we're going to take the
bag type auction that is the size of
the bracelet we're making and we're going
to start tightening then with the
clamps artisan to close
once we have placed the auction type
suitcase on both sides we have this way
our bracelet we go then now to
take the ring the peak the gold and the
chain
and let's start by opening the ring
to put it through the hole of the auction
and then place
the gold peak or the brooch that you
want to place the closing
we repeat the action for the other side
again we take the ring we open it
we put it through the hole and then
then we add the chain
well so then our
project I hope you liked it
remember to subscribe to our channel
so you can see more videos
communicate with us on the networks
social and see us in the next
tutorial